###Project title: Make Your Own Shop! By Jasper Lee

Project Title: Making a E-commerce Website

Brief Introduction:
I used flask to create a web server of an E-commerce website and to perform web applications like how to create dynamic content and querying the database with SQL.
For the front-end application, javascript was used to provide mini features like mathematics operations, changing photo display over time, and some popup features.
HTML and CSS was used to create the content, layout and style of the webpages.

I implemented:

login and logout:
For users: To perform login and logout function so user can make their orders, check their bought products, store products in the wishlist...
For admin: To check orders and messages from visitor or user, and edit the prices of products

register:
To create an account and store the password hash in the database

changepw:
To change password by making request with the database

contact and contacted:
To provide a medium for people to ask the admin/shopkeeper any question

cart:
To store the desired product, product size and quantity. To calculate the total price of the products in the shopping cart.
To make transaction and submit the delivery information to the database.

order and orders:
To check orders and view the details of each order and changing the delivery status of the orders(For admin)

history and historys:
To check orders and view the details of each order(For users)

products:
To view the products, like the products by adding to wishlist, and add to cart by choosing the desired size and quantity.

productsedit:
To edit the price.

welcome:
To show promotions, new arrival of the products.

wish:
To store users' favourites and provide add-to-cart function by choosing size and quantity.

shop.db:
To store user's accounts information, shopping cart(product that people want to buy), products' information,
orders of the transaction, wishlists of every user and messages from the contact.html

demo:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2b3INr1J_g0&ab_channel=YatshunLee
